Updates to most API docs (#1556)
keystonejs/keystone-5: docs/api/create-list.md

<!--[meta]
section: api
title: Create List
order: 2
[meta]-->

> # createList(name, options)

Reviewer: I'd like to keep the `keystone.` part on this heading so it's obvious what method we're talking about (as it's the main page heading).

```suggestion
# `keystone.createList(name, options)`
```

Author: This is why I've chose to follow a format where usage always follows the main heading

| `access`        | `Function` \| `Object` \| `Boolean` | `true`                        | [Access control](/guides/access-control) options for the list. |
| `adapterConfig` | `Object`                            |                               | Override the adapter config options for a specific list.       |
| `itemQueryName` | `String`                            |                               | Changes the _item_ name in GraphQL queries and mutations.      |
| `listQueryName` | `String`                            |                               | Changes the _list_ name in GraphQL queries and mutations.      |
| `singular`      | `String`                            |                               | Specify a singular noun for Keystone to use for the list.      |
| `plural`        | `String`                            |                               | Specify a plural for Keystone to use for the list.             |
| `path`          | `String`                            |                               | Changes the path in the Admin UI.                              |

> | `plugins`       | `Array`                             | `[]`                          | An array of `plugins` that can modify the list config.         |

Reviewer: A lot of these are missing their `default` value which makes it look like they're required.

Author: I put (required) when required. What would you suggest for no default? I originally thought `null` but... technically the default is not `null` I think nothing is best

Reviewer 2: If the default is `undefined` would it make sense to specify how it will be resolved? 

schemaDoc for example: 
 `undefined` Will display in the docs as `A keystone list` 
adapterConfig:
`undefined` The `defaultAdapter`  specified when creating the Keystone instance will be used.
singular
`undefined` pluralize npm package will generate a singular label.

Or something to that note?

Author: Yeah I think that makes sense in a lot of cases

Author: I'm going to come back and revisit this later.

### `fields`

Defines the fields to use in a list.

#### Usage

```javascript
keystone.createList('Post', {
  fields: {
    title: { type: Text },
  },
});
```

See: [Fields](/keystone-alpha/fields/) for more information on configuring field options.

### `schemaDoc`

> A description for the list used in the AdminUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A description for the list used in the GraphQL schema.
```

This isn't actually used in the Admin UI, whoops!

Author: It should be 🤣
